What's wrong?
Um, my ear...
Can you hear me, Yuji Itadori?
Listen to me...
Wait, I'm on your side, idiot!
I'm Mechamaru from Kyoto school!
We don't have time. I'll only say it once,
so listen carefully.
Satoru Gojo has been sealed.
Good night, Satoru Gojo.
Let's meet again in the new world.
I will sleep.
But it's about time to wake up for you.
How long will you let others
manipulate you, Suguru?
That's impressive.
This is the first time
it's happened to me.
Geto.
Mahito, look at this.
You once said that
souls come before bodies.
But the body is the soul
and the soul is the body.
Otherwise, one cannot
explain this phenomenon
and the fact that the body's memories
are entering my brain
even after replacing the brain.
Does that have to be
the same for everyone?
Our cursed techniques are different,
maybe so are the worlds we live in?
Cursed technique is a world?
I like that. That's nice.
Hey.
If you're going to do it, then hurry up.
This is uncomfortable
and I'm not enjoying the view.
I'd rather enjoy the view a little longer.
But you're right. If something goes wrong,
it would be quite troublesome.
Close the door.
Is this thing no longer usable?
Yes. This can only contain one person.
Unless the person inside kills himself,
it's not usable.
Boring.
Well, anyway...
The seal is completed.
You are talking about Satoru Gojo.
Do you have any proof
that can convince us?
Sorry, I don't have any proof.
But if I may say,
the fact that I'm here is the proof.
On October 19, I've already been killed
by a Special Grade cursed spirit
named Mahito.
What I am now is nothing more than
a contingency I planned before I died.
This is a high-level contingency plan.
I had to set the activation condition
to Satoru Gojo being sealed.
In order to reduce
the chance of activation failure,
I only hid the puppets at three locations.
Of all the sorcerers in the high school,
Yuji Itadori is the least likely
to be a traitor.
As for Mei Mei...
Under this circumstance,
I can confirm your innocence.
Why?
You are skilled in locating the enemy,
but you were sent to Meiji-jingumae
instead of being used in Shibuya.
And Itadori didn't have any connection
to the realm of sorcery
until a few months ago
I might just be pretending
to be uncooperative.
And Itadori originally wanted
to go to Shibuya immediately,
I'm the one who's been trying to stop him.
Although the higher-ups
did ask us to stand by.
Then why...
are there curse users
heading over to kill you?
One... Two...
Two enemies in total.
Itadori.
Comparing them to the cursed spirit
you just fought, which is stronger?
They are probably
stronger than the locust.
Apparently, the cursed spirit
Itadori exorcised earlier could talk.
So it must at least be Semi-Grade 1.
There are cursed spirits like that
all over the place.
I wonder where they have been
hiding this whole time.
Forget about the curse users.
Let's move on.
We need to check on Gojo's safety first.
No.
The situation in Shibuya
has already changed.
The enemy's barrier technique
is much stronger than ours.
There are four curtains
around Shibuya now.
Curtain A confines ordinary people.
Curtain B confines Satoru Gojo.
Curtain C prohibits
sorcerers from entering.
Curtain D is the same as A,
confining ordinary people.
You mean through this track
there's that curtain C blocking the way?
Yes.
The sorcerers who were on standby
are probably in the curtain already.
Mobile phones don't
work inside the curtain.
It seems more than that.
I cannot contact an assistant supervisor,
who should be outside of the curtain.
I ask you to follow my instructions.
My contingency plan will disappear soon.
Please.
Miss Mei.
Okay, let's hear it.
Itadori, return to Meiji-jingumae,
and head to Shibuya above ground.
Inform the sorcerers
that Gojo has been sealed,
so that our common goal
will shift to saving Gojo.
Okay.
Mei Mei helps Itadori to get through.
After defeating the curse users,
please block the track for the meantime.
We still don't know
the enemies' next move.
I'll adapt to the circumstances.
By the way, I assume your bank account
hasn't been frozen yet, right?
If Satoru Gojo disappears, both
the realm of sorcery and human society
will undergo drastic changes.
I'm sorry, but I have to
ask you to risk your lives.
I used to think it'd be fine.
How terrible I was.
Hey, what about me?
Go with whoever you like.
My sister then.
Everyone, the enemies are here.
You're Mei Mei, right?
You can move as you like.
I will adapt.
Okay.
Everyone has woken up?
So, next...
What's wrong?
What?
What a guy.
It seems that
physical time doesn't pass here.
I messed up.
Things are not looking good.
Well, there will always be a way.
I'm counting on you,
everyone.
21:22 SHIBUYA
You're right.
Even if we count people trapped inside
the station, there are still too few.
People who were transfigured
and on standby inside buildings
started to attack non-sorcerers now?
So we will charge in now.
It can't be helped,
but our response seems to be too slow.
But what concerns me the most is...
-The...
-The simultaneous appearance
of the curtain that doesn't let us in.
It's been a while
since Mr. Gojo arrived there.
Why would they choose
this particular time?
Perhaps something happened inside,
or strategically they needed to start
at that time.
One thing that is certain is
the enemy wouldn't
recklessly launch attacks.
I'll deal with the enemy
who dropped the curtain.
You guys go ahead and
protect the ordinary people.
THE THREE GROUPS ENTER
Right, yes.
After checking the situation,
please get out
of the curtain again, Ms. Nitta.
Since reception is blocked,
someone needs to be outside at all times.
I hope you can take on this task.
We will establish a communication network
with just us assistant supervisors.
If we get those off-duty
and some windows involved, it should be...
I do indeed excel at bullying the weak.
That should suffice, right?
Yes.
Please continue to hunt humans
wearing suits outside of the curtain.
Okay.
After I'm finished,
I can go inside, right?
What's this? What's going on?
The seal is completed.
But Prison Realm is
still processing Satoru Gojo.
So we can't move it for now.
We've been outplayed.
Itadori, good news.
They have sealed Gojo, but they can't take
him out of the basement five.
Why?
Because he's Satoru Gojo.
I get it.
We need to surround them.
Send sorcerers there
from all the neighboring metro stations.
Once the curtain prohibiting sorcerers
from entering is lifted, charge in.
You tell me to send people,
but I can't contact Mr. Ijichi.
What's wrong?
Who's in Shibuya now?
I remember there are...
Kill me.
You... called me?
Nanamin!
Nanamin, are you there?
Itadori.
Na... Nanamin?
Mr. Gojo...
He was sealed.
Sealed?
You two, change of plans.
We'll go meet with Itadori right away.
If he really is sealed,
then everyone in this country is done for.
Well, now they know.
The sorcerers will attack
here in full force.
I will stay here. What about you guys?
To avenge my younger brothers
I will kill Yuji Itadori
and Nobara Kugisaki.
Then I'll get the rest of my brothers back
from the high school.
I don't know who Kugisaki is,
but you can't touch Itadori.
We will turn him into Sukuna.
That has nothing to do with me.
Jogo, calm down.
I also want to kill Itadori.
Mahito, what?
After seeing Satoru Gojo in person,
I feel that sorcerers and cursed spirits
are on even terms without him.
If Sukuna revives,
we'll have a major advantage.
We'll be guaranteed to win, right?
I guess so.
That means we could win as it stands.
Let's kill Itadori.
Don't worry.
Even without Sukuna, we can still win.
Are you serious?
I'm super serious.
It doesn't have to be me smiling
in the wilderness 100 years later.
I'm fine with it,
as long as curses live as humans.
Sukuna is not one of us.
When he revives,
we may be the ones to suffer.
But as long as Sukuna revives
the era of the curses will surely come.
We are different from the humans
that are alive now.
We do not fear death.
For our purpose,
we walk the path with no falsehood.
This is the essence of the curses
that those fakes lack.
I disagree.
It doesn't matter if we lose our way
or are inconsistent,
we act according to our desires.
That's how we curses are.
I disagree with you about
our forms of existence as curses,
but the plan to revive Sukuna sounds fair.
And I'm not planning to argue with you.
So, how about we play a game?
If I meet Itadori first, I'll kill him.
if you meet him first, give him
the fingers to restore Sukuna's power.
If I'm the first to meet him,
I will kill him.
-Is that okay?
-Hey.
Oh, you want to join too, Choso?
Of course.
Geto, I guess you're
more in line with Jogo?
What are you going to do?
I have to watch over Prison Realm.
I think I will pass.
You can do whatever you want.
For me, Sukuna is just a contingency plan
in case Prison Realm fails.
How utterly foolish.
Including Itadori, all the sorcerers are
coming over here to rescue Gojo.
Then we can just wait here for them.
-How is this a game...
-Ready, start!
Stop right there!
Cursed spirits are smarter than you guys.
Give it back.
We've already helped you
eliminate many monkeys.
Now give back Master Geto's body
as promised.
Don't you dare play with...
Master Geto any longer.
What makes you think I would?
I can't remember
taking your brains out too.
Next time you make deals with sorcerers,
remember to establish a Binding Vow.
Get lost.
Or do you want to be killed
by me in this body?
You will regret it.
Regret?
Well...
I forgot what it tastes like.
Nanamin!
Na, Na, Na, Na, Nanamin...
Hey.
Hey, you.
Nana...
Fushiguro, Nanamin, and who are you?
So he was really calling for Nanami?
Geto?
To be precise, it is something
in Suguru Geto's body.
Shibuya station is pandemonium right now.
The Special Grades
and the cursed spirits they brought,
the curse users who obey Geto,
and the transfigured humans
and ordinary people.
In that case, attacking from
the neighboring stations is indeed faster.
However, for that,
we must first remove the curtain.
It's an emergency.
You'll have to multitask.
We don't have time to complain.
Some requests can only be
submitted by Grade 1 sorcerers.
I'll go outside to deal
with those things with Mr. Ijichi.
I hope the three of you
can lift the curtain
forbidding the entry of sorcerers
in the meantime.
Ino.
Kusakabe and Special Grade 1 Sorcerer
Zenin should also be in this curtain.
If you happen to meet them, inform them
of the current situation and ask for help.
They might have heard
Itadori's yelling though.
Understood.
And...
I'm leaving those two to you.
Yes!
Ino?
Nanami is relying on me.
You two!
Before we start the mission,
let me tell you how serious it is.
Starting with
the two troubling things that will happen
if Gojo disappears.
The first one is the downfall
of the Gojo Family.
The Gojo Family is a one-man team
of Satoru Gojo.
The flexibility or selfishness of Gojo
has saved many sorcerers.
Itadori, I guess you are one of them.
-Yup.
-So unconcerned.
Then, all those people will be in trouble,
and in a worst-case scenario,
get killed.
And the second one.
The balance of power will collapse.
Some curse users and cursed spirits stayed
in the shadows because of Satoru Gojo.
They will start
taking action all at once.
What if we had to fight them
while squabbling with the first issue?
We will definitely lose.
This is what Nanami and I predict.
What would happen if we lose?
At least in Japan,
the era of humankind might just end.
You get it.
Let's go, my juniors!
Let's break the curtain
before Nanami returns.
Let's rescue Satoru Gojo!
Awasaka, did you hear that?
Satoru Gojo was sealed.
The information has already
been leaked to the enemy.
Isn't this good, Granny Ogami?
It finally started to feel real to me.
Satoru Gojo was really sealed.
I started to feel excited.
What will this country become?
Nothing will change.
People will curse, be cursed, and die.
Hey, did you hear?
Satoru of the Gojo Family was sealed,
I heard.
Oh, my goodness.
I knew this day would come.
He was always flaunting his figure as if
he was all legs from the nipples down.
Next episode, Descending Spirit.
Oh hi, Geto. Guess what?
Satoru of the Gojo family...
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm